CacheableFlash
==============

Note: This fork (http://github.com/pboling/cacheable-flash/tree/master) of
cacheable-flash aims to be a drop-in replacement for the original cacheable-flash
(by Pivotal) but uses JQuery instead of Prototype, and merged several of the forks
of the project to collect the best features and improvements.

== Installation
ruby script/plugin install git://github.com/pboling/cacheable-flash.git

== Description

This plugin enables greater levels of page caching by rendering flash
messages from a cookie using JavaScript, instead of in your Rails
view template.  Flash contents are converted to JSON and placed in
a cookie by an after_filter in a controller.

== Mailing List

http://groups.google.com/group/PivotalLabsOpenSource

== Pivotal Tracker Bug/Feature Tracker

http://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/10610

=== Usage

To use, include the CacheableFlash module in your controller.
It's all or none on the actions in your controller, so you can't
mix JS and HTML display of your flash message in a controller.
No other modifications to the controller are needed.  You will need
to add divs and some javascript to your view or layout templates
to render the flash in the browser.

Note that the cookie holding the flash messages is removed as the
page is displayed, so a refresh will clear the flash message (just
as happens normally).

=== Example Controller

class MyController < ActionController::Base
  include CacheableFlash
  # ...
end

=== Example Template Markup

  <div id="error_div_id" class="flash flash_error"></div>
  <div id="notice_div_id" class="flash flash_notice"></div>
  <script type="text/javascript">
    Flash.transferFromCookies();
    Flash.writeDataTo('error', $('#error_div_id'));
    Flash.writeDataTo('notice', $('#notice_div_id'));
  </script>

== Testing
You can test your flash cookies by making assertions on the json of the "flash" cookie.
Cacheable Flash provides test helpers which includes the flash_cookie method.

=== Test::Unit Example
  require "cacheable_flash/test_helpers"

  class TestController < ActionController::Base
    def index
      flash["notice"] = "In index"
    end
  end

  class ControllerTest < Test::Unit::TestCase
    include CacheableFlash::TestHelpers

    def setup
      @controller = TestController.new
      @request = ActionController::TestRequest.new
      @response = ActionController::TestResponse.new
    end

    def test_cacheable_flash_action
      get :index
      asset_equal "In index", flash_cookie["notice"]
    end
  end

=== Rspec Example
  require "cacheable_flash/test_helpers"

  class TestController < ActionController::Base
    def index
      flash["notice"] = "In index"
    end
  end

  describe TestController, "#index" do
    include CacheableFlash::TestHelpers
    
    it "writes to the flash cookie" do
      get :index
      flash_cookie["notice"].should == "In index"
    end
  end

Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Pivotal Labs. This software is licensed under the MIT License.
